president uh Joe Biden is meeting
families of American captives held in
Gaza at the White House eight us
Nationals are believed to still be held
there Hamas freed four Americans last
month during a ceasefire broken by Qatar
and by Egypt well our White House
correspondent Kimberly hit is standing
by Kimberly what can you tell us about
this meeting and what they're saying
both the president and the families of
the
captives yeah we've just heard from the
families in fact they just wrapped up
that meeting and about 250 meters from
where I'm standing the family members
walked out and spoke to reporters uh
there what we know about those eight
captives is that there are seven uh men
and one women woman that are still being
held and uh what their family members
are saying is that the meeting that was
held with President Biden and the
Secretary of State Anthony blankin was
very encouraging what the president told
them is that in in fact he is personally
guaranteeing that he will continue and
his administration will continue to uh
look for their loved ones that this is
something that they are dedicated to
they will not lose sight of this and
they won't stop trying to bring them
home uh so this was something that they
say that since October 7th they have
been in close coordination with members
of the administration whether it has
been virtually or in person uh and that
there has been a lot of transparent
communication uh one of the family
members said they are hoping for a
Christmas miracle and they also said
that they hope that the media will
continue to remember that these are
individuals they're real people not
numbers and that what was most striking
about this was uh given the fact that
the previous uh captives were released
during a ceasefire when asked by
reporters if they were hopeful there
would be another temporary ceasefire
that might encourage the release of
their own family members they were
refused to answer that question saying
they wanted to keep those parts of the
conversation with President Biden
private Kimber I'd like to ask you about
another meeting uh it's taking place
tomorrow the US National Security
adviser Jake Sullivan is going to Israel
tomorrow I wonder how that meeting is
going to go and what message he's
bringing in light of the criticism that
we heard um from the US President Joe
Biden just yesterday and in light of the
the you know the the responses they were
defiant we just talked about it with
hamda in Jerusalem the response is from
the Israeli
government probably not
as uh cordial if you will given the fact
that the US president used some pretty
strong language some would even
argue accused Israel of war crimes given
the fact that he used the term
indiscriminate killing of Palestinian
civilians when he spoke on Tuesday of
the targeting by the Israeli military of
Palestinian civilians now the Biden
Administration has since walked back
those comments the latest being from the
National Security spokesperson John
Kirby when he has since said that uh the
results are not commensurate with
efforts to minimize civilian casualties
it appears that the B Administration and
Jake Sullivan in those meetings on
Thursday and Friday with the uh Israeli
War cabinet with the Prime Minister as
well as the president is likely to be an
extension of that cleanup uh what the
other message will be though is that
once again the United States is
encouraging Israel to be more precise
and more targeted in their military
campaign but make no mistake they're not
asking them in any way to move towards a
ceasefire because they believe that this
would allow Hamas to retrofit and even
allow for future attacks a message we
should point out that the Secretary of
Defense Lloyd Austin will reiterate when
he visits Israel on Monday Kimberly hit
reporting from the White House there
thank you very much Kimberly